# LeetCode solutions

This repository contains my solutions to the problems on [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/).

The structure of the repository and the idea to generate Markdown files with the problem description and the solution by using the LeetCode API is inspired by [this repository](https://github.com/BaffinLee/leetcode-javascript) by [BaffinLee](https://github.com/BaffinLee), although I have rewritten the code for the generation of the Markdown files.

## Solutions

The files with the solutions are located in the `src/solutions` directory. The file names are in the format `<problem_number>-<problem_slug>.md`, where `<problem_number>` is the number of the problem on LeetCode.

The files may include several solutions to the problem implemented in different programming languages. I might also add several solutions in the same language if I find it useful or I happen to solve the problem in a different or more efficient way later.

## Generating Markdown files

The Markdown files generally contain the problem number, title, difficulty, related topics, description, solution, and additional explanation if needed. The files are generated by running the `index.js` script in the `src/generator` directory. The script uses the LeetCode GraphQL API to fetch the data for the problems and generate the Markdown files.

Another repository I need to mention is [this repository](https://github.com/akarsh1995/leetcode-graphql-queries) by [akarsh1995](https://github.com/akarsh1995) which contains the GraphQL queries for the LeetCode API. I have found the Postman collection files in the repository very useful for testing the queries and understanding the structure of the data returned by the API.

## Creating a new solution

To create a new solution, run the following command in the root directory of the repository:

```bash
npm run create <problem_slug>
```

wher `<problem_slug>` is the slug of the problem on LeetCode. The command will create a new file in the `src/solutions` according to the format described above and generate the Markdown for the problem in the file.

## License

This repository is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE). Feel free to use the code and the solutions in any way you like. Feedback and suggestions are welcome.
